hello Brian Taylor again here at Carter
Honda athan burrard in Vancouver the
largest honda dealership west to
granville and north of broadway i'm here
today with the new 2015 honda fit and an
all-new BTW challenge you know some
people say the fit is a small car and
they'd be right but this small car hang
on this small car that has a big big
heart and i'll tell you what under this
somewhat enlarged heart is the legendary
honda vtec engine and this proven
haunted technology means you get the
maximum performance maximum efficiency
and maximum power out of the last drop
of fuel you'd like that wouldn't you now
check out these other awesome features
that will send the quality of your life
through the roof follow me here we are
have a look economy mode for even better
fuel economy can you say commuter
vehicle steering wheel very small
diameter tight turning radius on this
car a breeze to park notice built-in
bluetooth move a little over to the
right there media display screen you can
even play movies on this backup camera
standard and look down heated seats
heated seats on this car this is your
entry level honda phenomenal how about
some upgrades you don't like cloth how
about leather it's available sunroof
it's available push button start it's
available navigation you guessed it it's
available to look here four doors five
passengers the amount of space
unbelievable so easy to get in and out
of this small vehicle okay from five
passengers to little mini cargo van
unbelievable and look how simple it is
12 look
the space is unbelievable it's like a
little town condo on wheels unbelievable
I love it to recap this vehicle safe
Nani do synchronic economical reliable
and proven the list goes on and on and
on and on which brings me to the BT
challenge for today if you can show me
anything about this car that I don't
already know I will be happy to give you
a prize of unspeakable value special
thanks to the famous steve weber at
honda canada thanks Steve now get down
here and don't settle for any of those
other fake challenges out there this is
the real deal Brian Taylor Carter Honda
18 / Arden Vancouver
you